100 add script executable to toml and make sure it is executable (#112)
BIH-CEI/ERKER2Phenopackets: README.md

### 4. Installing MongoDB
  Please follow the official [MongoDB Installation Tutorial](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/administration/install-community/).

## Running the Pipeline

> To run the pipeline, you require a `.csv` file in ERKER format with the relevant columns for MC4R.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the pipeline, you require a `.csv` file in ERKER format with filled columns that allow Phenopacket creation so far.
```

1. Follow the steps in the [Installation](#installation) section. (Especially important is the `pip install .` command)
2. Navigate to the root directory (top level `ERKER2Phenopackets` folder).
3. Run `pipeline <csv-file-path> [Optional: <output-folder-name>]` <br>
   a. If you do not provide an output folder name, the output folder will be named according to the current date and time in the `'YYYY-MM-DD-hhmm'` format.

> 4. You can find the created phenopackets in the `ERKER2Phenopackets/data/out/phenopackets/<output-folder-name>` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You can find the artifically created phenopackets in the `ERKER2Phenopackets/data/out/phenopackets/<output-folder-name>` folder. Do not upload real patient there.
```
